Article 1: (CNN)The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands, where the court is based. The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January, when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed "in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 13, 2014." Later that month, the ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories, paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis. As members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well. Israel and the United States, neither of which is an ICC member, opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body. But Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki, speaking at Wednesday's ceremony, said it was a move toward greater justice. "As Palestine formally becomes a State Party to the Rome Statute today, the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice," he said, according to an ICC news release. "Indeed, today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace." Judge Kuniko Ozaki, a vice president of the ICC, said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians. "As the Rome Statute today enters into force for the State of Palestine, Palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Statute. These are substantive commitments, which cannot be taken lightly," she said. Rights group Human Rights Watch welcomed the development. "Governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the ICC should immediately end their pressure, and countries that support universal acceptance of the court's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership," said Balkees Jarrah, international justice counsel for the group. "What's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice, not Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members." In January, when the preliminary ICC examination was opened, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described it as an outrage, saying the court was overstepping its boundaries. The United States also said it "strongly" disagreed with the court's decision. "As we have said repeatedly, we do not believe that Palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the ICC," the State Department said in a statement. It urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations. "We will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace," it said. But the ICC begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as "Palestine." While a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation, it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides. Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would "conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality." The war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead. The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June. The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. CNN's Vasco Cotovio, Kareem Khadder and Faith Karimi contributed to this report.
Golden Summary: Membership gives the ICC jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in Palestinian territories since last June .
Israel and the United States opposed the move, which could open the door to war crimes investigations against Israelis .
Cnn:The Palestinian Authority formally becomes the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court .<n>The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories .<n>Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January
Adam:The Palestinians officially become the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court. The move gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. Israel and the United States, neither of which is an ICC member, opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body.
Xsum:The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.

Article 2:
(CNN)A year after its Cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release, "Lost River" is still causing quite a stir. Booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers, Ryan Gosling's first feature as director has been divisive, to put it mildly. But there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole: its setting, a besmirched and decaying Detroit. Wavering on the brink of annihilation, yet providing kindling for its own rebirth, the city is captured in all its waning splendor, the perfect backdrop for Gosling's post-industrial gothic. Speaking about the film in London, Gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact, without Detroit's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all. Gosling said that "Lost River" began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects, the first black social housing development in America and a place Motown legends The Supremes and boxer Joe Louis once called home. "I heard [the authorities] were going to tear them down," Gosling said. "I had to shoot them before they did." Taking time out between acting jobs, he ventured into the projects. "I started shooting more and more," he explained, "and then I realized that I was making a film. Then I started writing [the script] during the process of filming." Gosling's affection for the Motor City is longstanding, the actor growing up "not too far away" in Cornwall, Ontario. "It seemed like everything cool came from Detroit... the whole American Dream," he reminisces. "The Model-T, Motown, the refrigerator..." Now though he references "40 miles of dead neighborhoods," the city declaring bankruptcy. "Houses are burning and things are being torn down," he says, "and within that there are families trying to hold on to their homes. For them it has become a nightmare and I wanted to make a film about that." The title itself alludes to a once thriving community now displaced, its homes at the bottom of a reservoir built with little concern for the residents -- man-made interference with untold social repercussions. Speaking in broader terms, Gosling argues "there are Lost Rivers everywhere and we wanted to share the experience these people were having." On screen he paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction; torched properties and bulldozers jostling for our attention amid acts of extreme human violence -- sometimes self-inflicted. The director plainly states that as a location it "was pretty dangerous." He describes "an energy there that was threatening... We had a very charmed experience [filming]. It worked its way into the fabric of the movie --- a tone of impending threat that was just there." However there are signs of humanity and regeneration amongst the chaos, on camera and off. For the film's young protagonist, every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast and ultimately reclaimed. Similarly, Gosling references the Heidelberg Project during the discussion, a community organization in the city's McDougall-Hunt neighborhood, reimagining derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists. He recalls seeing "one house covered with teddy bears, another covered in clocks... people taking spaces and personalizing them." The city's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw. "Something really interesting is happening in Detroit at the moment -- a rebirth. People redefining what they are," according to Gosling. "There's a resilience there and an energy, and it's exciting." As much as the visual content of "Lost River" revolves around a maudlin preoccupation with dereliction -- and perhaps plays on the outside world's perception of Detroit -- aspects of the narrative suggest hope and the possibility of reincarnation for the city. Gosling claims this paradox should exist when discussing Detroit, and is precisely what the film is trying to convey. "We want people to know that dereliction is happening there, but that it's not only what is happening there," he argues. "It doesn't define Detroit, it's just part of what it's dealing with right now." "Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10.

Golden Summary:Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, "Lost River", is set in the city of Detroit .
Cnn: Ryan Gosling's first feature as director, "Lost River" has been divisive.Gosling says the film was inspired by his love for Detroit.The city's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw, according to Gosling.
Adam: "Lost River" is Ryan Gosling's first feature as director. The film is set in Detroit, a city on the brink of bankruptcy. Gosling says the film was inspired by the city's "40 miles of dead neighborhoods"
Xsum: A year after its Cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release, "Lost River" is still causing quite a stir.


Article 3:What would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $100, or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation? These are only two of the 100 challenges Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang put himself up to when he decided to blog about "100 Days of Rejection", a project he launched after he quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30, just weeks before his first child was born. After his tech start-up was declined investment, Jiang decided to confront his fear of rejection head-on. This led to his writing his book called Rejection Proof, part self-help and part motivational/autobiography, which is being released this week. Famously, in 2012 on his third day of the project, Jiang asked Austin, Texas, Krispy Kreme manager (Jackie Braun) to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the Olympic symbol. To his surprise, she rose to the challenge and his rejection request faltered. He shared his video and it went viral on Reddit. Before long, Jiang (and Braun) were invited on talk shows and Jiang was being asked to speak at events across the US. Jiang was even offered jobs as his project continued and his fame grew. That wasn't the goal of the project though. "I'm really just a person trying to overcome my own fears," explained Jiang. The project started out to help "fix my own problems, and now I'm helping others fix theirs," he said. "The fear of rejection really holds people back. I'm trying to demystify the idea of rejection." Jiang, who as a child dreamed of being Bill Gates and has been viewed 7 million times on YouTube, has found his entrepreneurial dream in a different role for the moment. "My goal is to turn rejection into opportunity. I always thought it was something to run away from, but if we can embrace it, we can turn it into a lot more than an obstacle." 8 top tips in making rejection work for you: . 1 - The fear of rejection holds us back a lot more than actual rejection. By putting ourselves out there, the world will usually open itself up to you. Though the world can seem cruel and cold, actually humans have a hard time saying no. So open yourself up, don't be afraid to ask for something. If you fail, remember it's not about you. 2 -  Rejection is more or less a numbers game. Sometimes the most far-fetched idea gets a yes. If you talk to enough people, somebody will say yes to you. J.K. Rowling went through 12 rejections to get her yes for Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. 3 - You cannot use rejection to measure the merit of an idea. Sometimes if you really want to change the world, getting rejection is a must. Rejection is a human interaction with two sides. It often says more about the rejector than the rejectee, and should never be used as the universal truth and sole judgment of merit. 4 - Don't run away after a no. The most common thing we do when we're rejected is we want to run because rejection is painful - you're hurt, angry and you lose confidence. But actually if we know how to handle it, we can often minimize the chance of rejection. Be confident, engaging, collaborate. I used all of these traits to maximise getting a yes. 5 - Ask why? When you get rejected you have to find out why. Then spend time to find solutions to solve that why. Sometimes through this process you learn there is something else you can ask for. Ask for an intermediate position rather than the top position. 6 - Set a number of how many no's you can take. In his book, Jiang helps his wife set out to get her dream job at Google. He tells her that instead of thinking about getting a job, she needs to prepare herself for how many no's she can take.  In the end, she was offered a job at Google. 7 - Be invincible. By the end of his project, Jiang said he felt he could ask anything from anyone and not have the pain of rejection. It was a gradual process - gradually my comfort zone expanded. It's like a muscle, I could become stronger and stronger. 8 - Stand tall and remember rejection is an opinion. People are who they are. A lot of people will reject you because of their mood, their education, their upbringing, and you can't change who they are. But you can stand confidently. Innate confidence comes across. How missing sleep can damage your IQ . The surprising benefits of doing nothing . 7 habits of highly ineffective people .
Golden Summary: One man's entrepreneurial quest turned into unexpected success ."100 Days of Rejection" took Jiang out of his comfort zone .It's the fear of rejection, more than rejection itself, which holds us back .
Cnn:Jia Jiang quit his six-figure job to confront his fear of rejection.His blog, 100 Days of Rejection, has been viewed more than 7 million times.His book, Rejection Proof, is being released this week.
Adam:Chinese-born, American-based Jia Jiang quit his six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30. Jiang's project, "100 Days of Rejection", has been viewed 7 million times on YouTube.
Xsum: What would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $100, or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation? (CNN)What would you do if a complete stranger asked you for $100, or offered you an apple in a parking lot without explanation?

Article 4:Moscow (CNN)Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre, kicking her legs up to her head, jumping and spinning across the room. After class, she eats boiled sweets, one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy. The dancer, raised in California and Texas, left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years ago, aged 15, speaking no Russian. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted from the school into the company. But in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed Boshoi official to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles. The Bolshoi still stands by comments made at the time by its general director, Vladimir Urin. He asked the dancer to make an official complaint and defend her position legally, saying the theatre was ready to assist the law enforcement agencies to investigate the case and that "if the facts are legally established, those responsible should be punished accordingly." The dancer did not pursue a case against the Bolshoi. When she left the Bolshoi in 2013, Womack joined the Kremlin Ballet Theatre where she still works, aged 20, as a principal ballerina; dancing close to the Russian president's office, next to the cathedrals inside the red walls of the Kremlin. The surroundings may be opulent but her pay packet is not: for her role as a principal dancer Womack says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day. The dancer says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened -- the currency has suffered, in part, from a low oil price and international sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea last year. Womack says a friend helps her with accommodation and she says she has to make the money stretch in order to buy food. "For anyone paid a salary in rubles, especially since the crisis, it is extremely difficult. You have to decide what is worth more for you - experience or financial stability. I'm at a point in my life where experience is worth more." Sitting in the wings of the stage, chatting in Russian to the other dancers and stretching before her rehearsal for Swan Lake, she says she has to make the $185 in her bank account last for the next few weeks. To earn extra money she dances bigger roles or takes part in events abroad. The Kremlin Ballet Theatre says Womack's salary corresponds to her job title as a principal dancer and that, "on average, the salary [principal] dancers are paid is significantly higher" than $240 a month but that Womack could have been paid that equivalent in dollars "depending on the exchange rate on the day and depending on how much she danced in productions the previous month." As an American, Womack says she is paid the same as her contemporaries and is treated just like the Russians. But she says that is not always the case offstage. "It's extremely difficult to watch the deteriorating relationships between the United States and Russia. The great thing about working for a Russian company is that we are focused on creating art but...outside the ballet world it is difficult for foreigners; the general tendency tends to be more nationalistic and they unfortunately judge foreigners by their cover." Although relations between the U.S. and Russia have taken a nosedive since Russia's annexation of Crimea last March, Womack says she is "very loyal" to the Kremlin Ballet Theatre. "I love the Russian system and I'm very patriotic in that sense," she says. And despite the political situation -- and the money -- she says, "Russia has a lot to offer, it is a beautiful place that creates stars and that itself is worth investing one's career in.
Golden Summary:20-year-old American dancer makes $240 a month at Kremlin Ballet Theatre .Joy Womack studied at Bolshoi Ballet Academy but left in cloud of controversy .
Cnn:American dancer Joy Womack left the Bolshoi Ballet Academy in 2013.Reports suggested she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles.She now works as a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre.
Adam:Joy Womack is a principal dancer at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre in Moscow. She left the Bolshoi Ballet Academy in 2013 after media reports suggested she was asked to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles. The dancer says she is paid around $240 a month which works out at around $8 a day.
Xsum:American ballerina Joy Womack, who left the Bolshoi Ballet in 2013, says she is struggling to make ends meet in Russia.

Article 5:(CNN)Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions. The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry, as well as the significant destruction of wildlife in the region. Since then, the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery. In fact, reports indicate that the Gulf of Mexico's seafood industry, which supplies the United States with roughly 40% of its seafood, is finally starting to rebound. However, profound challenges remain, in part because so many questions about the long-term consequences remain unanswered. To this day, it's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating. One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab. Crabs play an important role in the region: Roughly 60 million pounds were fished in the Gulf in 2012, earning tens of millions in revenue. Yet in the aftermath of the spill, changes to crustacean communities in the area were quite apparent to the naked eye. Researchers documented substantial differences in appearance, and deformities in crabs that were affected by the spill including lesions so numerous they ate through the joints, forcing limbs to fall off. These traits have affected not only the crabs' market value but also likely their ability to survive. While these changes in outward appearance have dissipated in the short-term, the health of these crabs could still be precarious. I have been working with colleagues at Florida International University and University of Louisiana at Lafayette to better understand what might be happening biologically inside the crab when it is exposed to oil and the dispersant used to respond to the spill. Using the power of genomics and computational biology, we analyzed the genes of flat back mud crabs that were exposed to oil from the Macondo Prospect where the Deepwater Horizon rig was drilling when it exploded or to a combination of oil and dispersant in the lab. By studying gene expression, the process that turns information from a gene into a product that functions within a cell, we searched for indicators that might signal exposure to oil and, based on the types of changes we might see, clues as to how the crabs respond. Although we are still in the early stages of our research, we are seeing significant differences in gene expression connected to exposure -- meaning the crabs are turning some genes on or off in response to oil and dispersant. We are still working to determine whether these changes impact their ability to survive and reproduce. It's not just Gulf crabs that are experiencing changes. Research on different species and other aspects of the regional environment is starting to show that there could be long-term effects resulting from the oil spill and the response to the spill. This not only has consequences for the Gulf area, where oil drilling continues, but also for communities along the Atlantic Coast, where the Obama administration has recently announced a plan to open unprecedented oil and natural gas exploration. (BP's vice president of communications, Geoff Morrell, told CNN that wildlife species in the Gulf have "bounced back and "there is no data that suggests there are any long-term population-level impacts to any species.") With the virtual certainty of more spills, we need a lot more information on the consequences of these disasters and how we can combat them effectively and efficiently. The U.S. Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency are making some progress. In coming months, they are releasing changes to regulations and response plans based on the early lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon spill. But government agencies cannot just rely on the short-term data to determine the best response for the next oil spill crisis. Instead, the government and oil companies should work together to support ongoing, long-term ecological research so that we have a better grasp of what "normal" looks like and what factors are important in maintaining those conditions even after a disastrous oil spill. Only then will we truly understand the impact of offshore drilling and the best ways to respond to crises to protect our most important natural resources.
Golden Summary: Keith Crandall: Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded, we are only beginning to understand its effects on the Gulf .A crab species may be a key indicator of the impact, he says .
Cnn:It's been five years since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history.It's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating.
Adam: Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we are still experiencing its profound environmental and economic repercussions. One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab. Researchers documented substantial differences in appearance, and deformities in crabs that were affected by the spill.
Xsum:Five years after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, scientists are working to better understand what might be happening biologically inside the crab when it is exposed to oil and the dispersant used to respond to the spill.

Article 6:London (CNN)Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale has a small business selling T-shirts in Johannesburg, South Africa. Thale's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years. But at the moment, he says, this is not an option. Because he is simply too afraid. The reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed. The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king, local media reported, others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in March turned nasty. Unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor. The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters. Thale fears he'll be attacked if he goes to work. "I'm scared to go to town because I do not know when these people can attack and it's stressful for me," he told CNN. "We're close to month end -- how am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife?" CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis, which has caused South African President Jacob Zuma to postpone an overseas visit and left authorities scrambling to prevent further clashes. On Tuesday the country's Defense Minister said South Africa would deploy troops to areas where police spread too thin in order to halt the attacks. Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside, not even to go to the local mall. He works in Johannesburg as a cleaner and gardener, and also runs a small tuck shop where workers can buy food and basic supplies at his place of work. It's a role he hears many South Africans say should belong to them alone. He feels the South African government has been far too slow to respond to the violence, which has erupted intermittently in various cities over the past few years. "To stop violence they need to arrest and sentence the perpetrators," he says. Meanwhile, Eric Kalonji left the Democratic Republic of Congo and arrived in the South African capital in 2012, working as a waiter until the restaurant he worked at closed in January. Now devoting himself to his studies in New Zealand, he feels that the situation in South Africa is more complex than a simple case of "us versus them." He believes the blame lies heavily on what he calls the government's failure to provide its people with jobs and education. "This xenophobia thing is the result of a deeper malaise (in) South Africans" he says. "A better policy from the government should be empowering the people with wider access to education so that they will qualify for the jobs that they say they deserve." OPINION: Labeling South Africa turmoil 'xenophobia' scapegoats poor blacks . Kodwo Amissah Benyi, a hotel receptionist originally from Ghana, now lives in the town of Louis Trichardt in South Africa's Limpopo province. He's far from the worst of the violence, but still close enough to follow the news with alarm. "I fear it may spread because I don't know what may spark unrest," he said. However he praised the government's response to the attacks. "The government is in crisis mode and Pretoria (the South African government) is responding well by verbally condemning the attacks and showing force on the ground," he said.
Golden Summary:Wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in South Africa .Immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities ."How am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife?" says one man .
Cnn:A wave of anti-immigrant violence has swept South Africa in recent days, leaving several dead.<n>CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis.<n>Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside, not even to go to the local mall.
Adam: South Africa has been hit by a wave of anti-immigrant violence in recent days. The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters. CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis.
Xsum:A wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept South Africa in recent days has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters.

Article 7:January in Compton, California. His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request. The judge lowered Knight's bail earlier this month, to $10 million from $25 million, after defense lawyers called the $25 million figure excessive for the circumstances. Knight faces one count of murder for the death of Terry Carter, one count of attempted murder in the case of Cle "Bone" Sloan, who was maimed in the incident, and one count of hit-and-run. Knight, 49, faces up to life in prison if convicted. He is accused of running over the two men during an argument. In court testimony earlier this month, Sloan, 51, declined to identify Knight as his attacker because Sloan doesn't want to be a "snitch" who sends Knight to prison, according to CNN affiliates KABC and KTLA. Prosecutors offered Sloan immunity, but he still refused to testify against Knight during the preliminary hearing, the affiliates reported. The deadly incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown Los Angeles on January 29, after a flare-up on the set of the biopic "Straight Outta Compton," a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. At the time, Knight was out on bail in a separate robbery case. The alleged argument spilled over to the parking lot of Tam's Burgers in Compton. The hit-and-run was captured on videotape, which shows Knight inside a red truck. In the video, the truck pulls into the entrance of the Compton restaurant and is approached by Sloan, who was working security at the site. The two men appear to talk for a few moments, with Knight still in his vehicle. Suddenly, the vehicle backs up, knocking Sloan to the ground. While still in reverse, the truck moves out of range of the security camera. The vehicle is then seen zooming forward, back into camera range, running over Sloan a second time, and then running over the second man, Carter, a former rap music label owner. Carter, 55, later died. Knight's attorney Matthew Fletcher has argued that Knight was the victim and was only defending himself against Sloan, whom the defense attorney accused of possessing a gun at the time. Fletcher added that Knight's defense was to stand his ground. The incident is the latest run-in with the law for Knight, who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg (now known as Snoop Lion) and Tupac Shakur. Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996. Shortly afterward, Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions. That prison time -- along with Shakur's death, feuds between Knight and a number of rappers, and desertions by Dr. Dre, Snoop and others -- contributed to the label's bankruptcy in 2006. In August, Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards.
Golden Summary:Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight is accused of murder in a videotaped hit-and-run .Judge declines to reduce his bail from $10 million .
Cnn:Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder, other charges.<n>He is accused of running over two men, killing one.
Adam: Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleads not guilty to murder and other charges. He is accused of running over two men in a hit-and-run incident in January. Knight's bail was lowered earlier this month to $10 million from $25 million.
Xsum:Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January in Compton, California.

Article 8:Tokyo (CNN)With the world watching, in his historic address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress, the first ever by a Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history. During this 70th year anniversary of the end of World War II, Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive. And this "Abenesia" is harmful to Japan's international image, riles China and South Korea and thereby undermines the bilateral security agenda. Washington deliberately set the bar on history very low for Abe because the Obama administration is more focused on the shared perception with Tokyo that contemporary China is a threat requiring a collective response. Strengthening the alliance with Japan and sealing the deal on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trumps past misdeeds. Forty years after the fall of Saigon, and in the wake of Iraq and Afghanistan, America is in no position to lecture other nations about the horrors they inflicted and an inadequate reckoning for such misdeeds. President Barack Obama pulled out all the stops to give Abe a red carpet welcome because he has delivered more on fulfilling Washington's longstanding security demands than all of his predecessors combined. But the newly expanded security role embraced by Japan enjoys little support among Japanese. As a recent Pew Poll indicates, only 23% are in favor while 68% are opposed. It is also problematic that Abe's stance on history is a factor in hindering trilateral security cooperation with South Korea, something the U.S. sees as essential. Carefully tailoring his remarks to his audience, Abe hit the right notes in many respects, and even inched forward on history.  He did express "eternal condolences" about the loss of American lives in World War II, and noted, "Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have become friends bonded in spirit." That is welcome news, but Japan has been less successful in achieving rapprochement with other enemies, precisely because it has not taken the measure of the shared past. Many nations play fast and loose with their unpleasant histories, but Abe is mounting a significant retreat from Japan's repentant views expressed and embraced since the mid-1990s, and actively promotes a valorizing and exonerating history under the banner of patriotic education. He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest and therefore not meeting the test of statesmanship. Of course there is nothing that Abe could say that would satisfy China or South Korea, two nations that suffered longest and most from Japanese depredations from the late 19th century. But that doesn't mean he shouldn't try a bit harder. What Abe said is, "Post war, we started out on our path bearing in mind feelings of deep remorse over the war. Our actions brought suffering to the peoples in Asian countries. We must not avert our eyes from that. I will uphold the views expressed by the previous prime ministers in this regard." Essentially outsourcing "apology and war responsibility" to his predecessors gets low marks on the empathy and sincerity scale. It is also troubling that throughout his political career, Abe has worked to undermine and repudiate previous Mea Culpa. Rather than merely "upholding" what others have said it might have been better for Abe to prove his critics wrong by clearly expressing an apology. In Japan, there has been a lot of pressure on Abe to explicitly invoke the language of the 1995 Murayama Statement that stands as the most forthright apology and acknowledgment of war responsibility. Even the conservative Yomiuri newspaper urged him to do so. Murayama clearly condemned "mistaken national policy," "self-righteous nationalism," "colonial rule" and "aggression," but Abe has spent his entire political career renouncing this so-called "masochistic" view of Japan's wartime history. Fatalistically, Abe said, "History is harsh. What is done cannot be undone." Well, yes that is self-evident but this should not mean the door is closed on apologies, acts of contrition and atonement and a clear reckoning of the harsh history that still isolates Japan in East Asia. Abe is certainly right that the neighbors are playing the history card and relentlessly hammering Japan on the anvil of history, but they were handed the hammer by Japan. Given Abe's evasive track record about the comfort women system of sexual slavery, a forthright apology or acknowledgment of state involvement was never in the cards. What Abe managed, however, was even weaker than expected: "Armed conflicts have always made women suffer the most. In our age, we must realize the kind of world where finally women are free from human rights abuses." This cavalier "sh*t happens" attitude towards the comfort women system undermines Japan's dignity and represents a step backward. In recent remarks Abe says he upholds the 1993 Kono statement, but he has flouted it and over the past year members of his party have been busy controverting this forthright admission of responsibility and coercive recruitment. Moreover, Abe's support for patriotic education and pressures on textbook publishers has effectively erased comfort women from what is taught in junior high schools, contravening what the Kono statement promised. In the only textbook that does mention them, the government insisted on the removal of a former comfort woman's testimony and insertion of a disclaimer regarding what it regards as a lack of evidence. To counter criticism, Abe now refers to Japan's comfort women system in terms of human trafficking, a linguistic ploy to obscure state responsibility for operating this system and make it appear he gets 21st century concerns. Human trafficking, however, highlights the role of private brokers in coercively recruiting these women in line with revisionist attempts to shift responsibility from the Japanese military and government authorities of the day. Revisionists prefer to blame the Korean brokers, but they were acting at the behest of Japanese officials who surely knew of the abuses and ensured that the comfort women could not escape their hell. In his speech Abe also referred to shared values of democracy and freedom. This too is welcome news because over the past year Abe has presided over an orchestrated attack on the Asahi newspaper for its coverage of the comfort women system, packed NHK's management with like-minded reactionaries and pressured critics out of their jobs. Indeed the New York Times ran an article on April 26 implicating Team Abe in the axing of a prominent TV pundit who made the mistake of criticizing Abe. The foreign press has also exposed Japanese government harassment targeting their reporting, especially regarding the whitewashing of history, and attempts to smear the integrity of those who wouldn't go along. In addition, journalists were told not to interview certain Abe critics. Journalists acknowledge this is what government spin doctors normally do and have done in Japan for some time, but under Abe the rules of engagement appear to be nastier. Abe got lots of applause from U.S. politicians who seemed to enjoy his reference to an "alliance of hope." That's not exactly how Okinawans feel about the disproportionate base-hosting burden they bear. Some 75% of U.S. bases are concentrated in Okinawa and U.S. bases cover nearly 20% of the land. In a series of elections and in opinion polls, Okinawans have voiced their opposition to this situation. In November 2014 they elected a governor who opposes the building of a new airbase for the U.S. in the pristine waters of Oura Bay in northern Okinawa, kicking the once popular incumbent out of office because he gave the green light for this project. Officials on both sides of the Pacific have reiterated support for proceeding with the new base as part of a plan to reduce the U.S. military footprint in Okinawa, but Okinawans remain unconvinced and find that the democratic expression of their opposition is resolutely ignored. Shared values?
Golden Summary:Abe did express "eternal condolences" about the loss of American lives in World War II .But he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions .Kingston: He is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interest .
Cnn:Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gave his first address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress.<n>Kingston: Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history.
Adam: Japan's Shinzo Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history. He has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions.
Xsum:Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has been disappointing on Japan's wartime history because he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for Japan's wartime actions in Asia where the bitter legacies remain divisive.

Article 9:(CNN)It's a case of mistaken identity that reached international proportions. A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter. Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato, in central Mexico, believing she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. Several videos show the moment the girl was taken out of her middle school. In the footage, Alondra appears terrified, screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to free herself from officers who are dragging her out of the building. After a struggle that lasted several minutes, the 14-year-old was put inside a federal police truck that sped away as witnesses, including the teenager's aunt, watched and recorded. According to Mexican authorities, the woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father without her consent. According to a statement from the Mexican Foreign Ministry, the woman had recently traveled to Guanajuato and seen her daughter there. "Derived on this information ... and in compliance with international law ...  the judge in charge of the case asked Interpol to intervene to make the girl appear at a hearing in which the court would confirm her identity," the statement said. But what happened next puzzled both Alondra's family and Mexican public opinion: The teenager was sent to the United States before her identify was positively confirmed. Once in Houston, and with questions about her identity being raised by the girl's biological parents, the Mexican Consulate in that city ordered DNA testing. The results confirmed that Alondra is not the daughter of the Houston woman. "I will have my girl at home. We hope she's OK. We are taking action on the matter," Alondra's mother -- Susana Nuñez -- told Milenio Television. "They stole my child."
Golden Summary: A girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in Houston .DNA tests show she is not .The mother of Alondra Luna Nuñez says: "They stole my child"
Cnn: A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.<n>Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato.<n>The woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father without her consent.
Adam: Alondra Luna Nuez was taken from her middle school in Guanajuato, Mexico. A woman in Houston claimed the girl had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father. DNA tests showed she's not related to the woman.
Xsum:A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter.

Article 10:(CNN)As tourists stroll between Yellowstone's 300 active geysers, taking selfies in front of thousands of bubbling, boiling mud pots and hissing steam vents, they are treading on one of the planet's greatest time bombs. The park is a supervolcano so enormous, it has puzzled geophysicists for decades, but now a research group, using seismic technology to scan its depths, have made a bombshell discovery. Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought, say scientists from the University of Utah. Underneath the national park's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over. Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir, which the scientists featured in a study published on Thursday in the journal Science. It may help scientists better understand why Yellowstone's previous eruptions, in prehistoric times, were some of Earth's largest explosions in the last few million years. The Utah scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under Yellowstone, which comprises three parts. Yellowstone's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth's surface -- and may come from its molten core. It is responsible for fueling the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it. The magma chamber, which scientists already knew about, lies on top of the reservoir -- and draws magma from it. It is a three to nine miles under the surface of the Earth and is what fuels the geysers, steaming puddles and other hot attractions. It alone has a volume 2.5 times that of the Grand Canyon. But those great magma expanses do not mean that the two hellish hollows could overflow the Grand Canyon with molten rock. The overwhelming bulk of their magma cavities comprise scorching -- yet solid -- rock, which is hollow, like sponges, and filled with pockets of liquefied rock. Also, the discovery doesn't mean that there is now more magma than there was before, the scientists say. And they are no signs of an imminent eruption. "The actual hazard is the same, but now we have a much better understanding of the complete crustal magma system," said researcher Robert B. Smith. An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the USGS says. The Utah scientists put the yearly chance at 1 in 700,000 -- about the odds that you will be struck by lightning. But when it does blow, it probably will change the world. Compared to Yellowstone's past, Mount St. Helens was a picnic, when it covered Washington state with an ash bed about the size of Lake Michigan in 1980. Mount Pinatubo, which exploded in the Philippines in 1991, doesn't begin to scratch the surface of Yellowstone's roar. Nor did Krakatoa in 1883, which killed thousands, and the final explosion of which reportedly ruptured the eardrums of people 40 miles away. To understand the consequences of Yellowstone's previous eruptions, open the history books to 1815, when Mount Tambora blew many cubic miles of debris skyward and killed about 10,000 inhabitants of Indonesia in an instant, according to a report in Smithsonian Magazine. Its dust may have blocked sunlight around the world, chilling the air and dropping the Earth's climate into a frigid phase that garnered the year 1816 the "year without a summer," some climatologists believe. It may have led to frosty crop failures in Europe and North America. Tambora blew 36 cubic miles of debris into the sky. Yellowstone has dwarfed that at least three times, the USGS says. The explosions have left deep scars, and park goers often become familiar with one -- the Yellowstone Caldera, which takes up much of the park and is lined by a roundish mountainous ridge. The caldera is a volcanic crater some 40- by 25-miles large, left behind when 240 cubic miles of debris ruptured out of the Earth and into the air during volcanic discharge some 630,000 years ago, USGS says. Lava flowed into the breach, filling it, which may account for the lack of a deeper crater. Long before that, 2 million years ago, volcanic activity blew 600 cubic miles of Yellowstone debris into the air. Those were the two largest eruptions in North America in a few million years, the USGS said, and they each buried in ash more than a third of what is now the continental U.S. "If another large caldera-forming eruption were to occur at Yellowstone, its effects would be worldwide," the USGS says. It would drastically shift the world's climate. So, it's no wonder scientists have cast an eye on Yellowstone for a while. The Utah researchers gave the Yellowstone's magma bowels a sort of CT scan, said lead researcher Hsin-Hua Huang. Volcanic activity triggers 2,000 to 3,000 small earthquakes per year, and the shake and shock waves travel at different speeds through molten, hot and other rock. It allowed them to develop a detailed model of the seething expanse beneath Yellowstone that makes it what it is. Here are the upper magma chamber and lower magma reservoir by the numbers. The upper chamber, which caused the historic blasts and is closest to the surface, is 2,500 cubic miles in volume and measures about 19 by 55 miles. The lower reservoir, which has a volume of 11,200 cubic miles, measures about 30 by 44 miles and is about 16 miles thick. Even if the next explosion is many thousands of years away, Yellowstone's cavernous heat tanks poke up an occasionally surprise. The last lava flow was some 70,000 years ago, USGS says. But more recently in 2003, ground temperatures rose high enough to dry out geysers and boil the sap in some trees. A few inches under the surface, thermometers recorded a temperature of 200 degrees Fahrenheit -- nearly hot enough to boil water. So, national park authorities closed Yellowstone to keep people from burning their feet -- or basting their tires on melting roads. Calbuco volcano erupts for first time in more than 40 years . University of Utah seismologists discover magma reservoir under Yellowstone from The University of Utah on Vimeo.
Golden Summary:Scientist measured the thousands of small earthquakes in Yellowstone to scan the earth underneath it .They discovered a vast magma reservoir fueling a vast one scientists already knew about .Prehistoric eruptions of Yellowstone supervolcano were some of Earth's largest explosions .
Cnn:Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought.<n>Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir.<n>An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely, the USGS says.
Adam:Yellowstone's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought. Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir. It may help scientists better understand why Yellowstone's previous eruptions were some of Earth's largest explosions in the last few million years.
Xsum:Yellowstone National Park is a supervolcano so enormous, it has puzzled geophysicists for decades, but now a research group, using seismic technology to scan its depths, have made a bombshell discovery.

Article 11: Pejeta Conservancy, Kenya (CNN)At first glance, Sudan looks like any other northern white rhino: stout and agile, with square lips. He grazes under the hot sun, his massive head lowered to the ground,  at  the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya. When he's not wallowing in his enclosure, he waddles around the sprawling savannah, stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole. But Sudan is not just any rhino. He's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. For an animal on the verge of extinction, the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy. Sudan's female companions,  Fatu and Najin, live at the conservancy, where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct. The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards. Rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by the belief in Asia that their horns cure various ailments. Experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs. In addition to round-the-clock security, the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and dispatches incognito rangers into neighboring communities to gather intelligence on poaching. The conservancy is also raising funds to help equip and train rangers who guard the rhinos. At 42, Sudan is elderly in rhino years. Fatu, 15, is a spring chicken, while Najin is 25. Though the three northern white rhinos are physiologically healthy, age might be a factor, says George Paul, the deputy veterinarian at the conservancy. "Sudan is currently old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female," he says. In addition, he has a low sperm count, which complicates natural and scientific efforts, experts say. Najin could conceive, but her hind legs are so weak, she may be unable to support a mounted male. "There has been recorded mating between different pairs over the last few years, but not conceptions," Paul says. "Based on  a recent health examination conducted, both animals have a regular estrus cycle, but no conception has been recorded." And if one is not recorded soon, the beloved animal will go extinct. Rhinos on a plane: Life-saving mission across borders . In a race against time, international experts are resorting to science to try to sustain the subspecies. The northern white rhino cannot mate with a black rhino, but there is a chance it could mate with a southern white rhino, Paul says. While southern white rhinos are not endangered --  Ol Pejeta has 19 -- they are a different subspecies  from the northern white rhino genetically. Though the offspring would not be 100% northern white rhino, it would be better than nothing, experts say. A committee at the conservancy is also looking at various alternative reproduction techniques, including in vitro fertilization. "In other countries, success has been achieved with embryo transfer in a different rhino species, thus that, as a technique, can be presupposed to be the most promising," Paul says. "However, consultations are ongoing amongst different reproductive technique experts on the way forward." Bringing rhinos back to Uganda, one calf at a time . The need to preserve the northern white rhino is dire. "Realistically, we are looking at these animals dying in the next decade or so. But hopefully, using artificial methods of reproduction, we might be able to bring them back in the future," Paul says. "This might mean that it will happen when the current animals are already deceased, but it could happen." The conservancy acquired the northern white rhinos --  two males and two females -- in 2009 from a zoo in the Czech Republic. Suni, the other male northern white rhino at the conservancy, died last year. In another incident, another male, Angalifu, died at the San Diego Zoo last year, bringing the subspecies closer to extinction. There are no known northern white rhinos left in the wild. A total of five remain in captivity worldwide: three in Kenya,  and one each at zoos in San Diego and the Czech Republic. But Sudan, a male, is in a company of one. 11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime .
Golden Summary:Sudan is one of a handful of northern white rhinos left worldwide .As the only male, the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with two females at a conservancy .Experts are trying various ways, including in vitro fertilization .
Cnn:Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.<n>For an animal on the verge of extinction, the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive.<n>Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
Adam:Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. The fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy. Rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by the belief that their horns cure various ailments.
Xsum:The last known male northern white rhino left in the world is under 24-hour protection at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya, where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.

Article 12:Atlanta (CNN)A fake name on a Facebook post can still get you in real trouble, especially when you're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan, police said. "All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," said the post made on Monday. "I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us." The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested, CNN affiliate WSB reported. "I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I'm either caught by the police or killed by them.  Ha!!!!  I think I can pull it off.  Might kill at least 15 tomorrow, I'm plotting now." Needless to say, it got law enforcement's attention. Not only the East Point police, but Atlanta police -- whose homeland security unit "worked diligently ... to identify the true identity of the poster and her whereabouts," said Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy -- as well as the FBI and federal Homeland Security Department. "That's 15 people that she's talking about killing within a day or so, so whether she is serious or not that's something that we have to take seriously," East Point police Lt. Cliff Chandler told WSB. Police in East Point -- a city of about 34,000 people just south of Atlanta -- said in a statement that, in addition to detailing how many police might die and threatening white officers specifically, the posts "indicated that the acts were being plotted and were in motion." After connecting Dickens to the Facebook post, authorities obtained a search warrant for her residence. They took her into custody while executing that warrant. "A firearm along with three computers was located during the search," East Point police said. Dickens, 33, appeared in court Wednesday on a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts. A judge set a $10,000 bond for her and banned her from social media. She was then transferred to Fulton County Jail, where she remained until bonding out at 6:19 a.m. Thursday, according to county sheriff's office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan.
Golden Summary:Sheriff's spokeswoman: Ebony Dickens is out of jail after posting $10,000 bond .Police: Authorities found a firearm, three computers in her East Point residence .Dickens is accused of posting her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan .
Cnn:"I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," the post says.<n>Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, faces a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts.
Adam:Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, is charged with disseminating information related to terrorist acts. She posted a Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan, police say. "I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us," the post says.
Xsum:A Georgia woman has been arrested after allegedly posting on Facebook that she planned to "kill at least 15" white police officers.

Article 13:(CNN)The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail. As viewers watched, Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started. Seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him, just as a Humvee passed between the camera and the police, making social media churn with questions about what happened to Kent. Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Kent. He was still trying to get in touch with his client after Kent was released. "He wanted me to tell people most that he doesn't want violence in his name," Beatty told CNN's Don Lemon on Wednesday night. The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect and as authorities tried to prevent the kind of rioting -- part of protests over the death of Freddie Gray -- that plagued the city Monday. Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services. People on Twitter continued to circulate the name of Kent, a young activist, making #JosephKent and #WhereIsJosephKent hot topics. Investigators made 10 arrests in Baltimore on Tuesday night, city Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. Seven were for curfew violations, he said. Beatty said he met with Kent on Wednesday afternoon. "He said he's physically OK, not injured. He's safe in there," Beatty said. But even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city's booking center were released earlier in the day, Kent was not one of them. Beatty initially checked on Kent's status, despite not officially representing him. He said Kent was just trying to help with getting people to go home when he was arrested. "He went out there to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously," Beatty said. "And the last thing he wanted was any more violence, and he was trying to stop it." Kent once was employed as an intern, through an outside company, at Morgan State University's Entrepreneurial Development and Assistance Center, the school said Wednesday. But Kent is not a student there and, as far as the school can tell, never has been, MSU spokesman Clint Coleman said. A woman who answered the phone at the EDAC said that no one there was available to talk about Kent and that she'd have no further comment. In November, the Baltimore City Paper ran a story about Kent, then 21, and his participation in Baltimore protests over a grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in the August shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. He helped lead protesters who walked through Morgan State's campus and eventually to City Hall on November 25, the newspaper reported. "Everyone knows me at Morgan already, organizing and making sure everything (is) running the correct way and peaceful and everything like that," he said, according to the City Paper's article. "So, everybody already knows I'm going to do things the right way, so when everybody else and community people and civilians and people who joined and saw that the Morgan students were looking up to it, before you knew it, the whole city was on my back and I was just carrying the whole city." Complete coverage on the Baltimore protests . CNN's Justin Lear, Evan Perez, Elan Bird and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report.
Golden Summary:Joseph Kent's attorney says his client was released from jail .Police in Baltimore detained Kent on live TV after start of curfew .That triggered a wave of interest on social media .
Cnn:Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirms he is representing Joseph Kent.<n>Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
Adam:Joseph Kent was released from jail Thursday morning, his lawyer says. Kent was arrested after a citywide curfew went into effect Tuesday night. He was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services.
Xsum:The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail.

Article 14:(CNN)An Oklahoma reserve sheriff's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. At the hearing, the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation. That decision prompted a response from the family of Eric Harris, the man Bates killed. "We are not surprised that Mr. Bates pled not guilty.  We are, however, surprised that Mr. Bates would choose to go on a vacation to the Bahamas during this tumultuous time.  Whether intended or not, Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life.  At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street, Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege." Bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2. "This will give us an opportunity to deal with the facts in the courtroom instead of the media and we're looking very much forward to that," said  Clark Brewster, one of his lawyers, after the hearing. Bates, 73, was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office on April 2 when he was involved the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation. Bates claims he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers, but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead. Bates has said the shooting was accidental. He has apologized to the Harris family, as has Sheriff Stanley Glanz. The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates wasn't qualified to be on the force, but received preferential treatment because he'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff. The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office were told to forge Bates' records and were reassigned when they refused. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations. Over the weekend, one of Bates' lawyers released most of his training documents and said they prove Bates had proper law enforcement training. Two deputies involved in arrest of Harris have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families, Glanz said Monday in a news conference. Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing . CNN's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.
Golden Summary:Robert Bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a Taser but accidentally shot him .The preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 2 .The judge said Bates was free to travel to the Bahamas for a family vacation .
Cnn:Robert Bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2.<n>He is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of Eric Harris.
Adam:Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter. He says he meant to subdue Eric Harris with a Taser. Bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for July 2.
Xsum:An Oklahoma reserve sheriff's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter.

Article 15:The title race may be over in the minds of some, but Joe Hart is irrepressibly optimistic. Of course, he is paid to believe but there is some logic to his positivity when you consider how Manchester City won the league in 2012 and 2014 with late dramatic runs. ‘It’s kind of how we do it,’ said Hart, when asked about City’s need to overcome a nine-point deficit. ‘We like to do it a different way. We’ve not necessarily reached the standard week-in, week-out that we wanted to, but the beauty of football is that you get another chance and that starts on Monday at Crystal Palace. ‘We’ve got some massive games; eight big games to reach a level that we need to reach. We’ve not necessarily done that all season but we feel we are in the right place now. We have a lot of rest time and there are no excuses. Everyone is fit and ready to go. We will never give up.’ Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the Premier League title . Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City with both teams having eight games left to play . Chelsea are nine points clear of Manchester City . Hart is a good cheerleader. Last week he won his 50th cap at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement. And his club may need his leadership now. At the Etihad Stadium two weeks ago there was a distinct lack of fervour despite the 3-0 win over West Brom, as though a certain kind of resignation has set in regarding Manchester City’s trajectory but Hart does not accept that. ‘We’ve proved it and the fans have proved it – we never give up,’ he said. ‘That is one thing that is part of Manchester City that we’ve taken with us from the olden days. We’ll never give up while anything is possible. We’ll go for it. ‘We have definitely moved on as a team since we first won the league in 2012. That was a massive achievement but now we expect it of ourselves. We have been disappointed at certain times this season but there are eight games to go and we’ll give it all we’ve got.’ Hart himself is a good example of the adage that one should never give in. Dropped last season by Manuel Pellegrini and threatened this season by the £6million signing of Willy Caballero, Hart is playing as well as ever, his penalty save against Lionel Messi and the subsequent performance at the Nou Camp a product of a long period of good form. Hart has proven his class after being dropped last season following a handful of mistakes . ‘I feel pushed,’ said Hart. ‘I have personal pride. I push myself personally. I think the world of Willy. I think he is a fantastic goalkeeper and I know full well that if my standards drop, Willy will be in goal. That is how it is at Manchester City. That is how it is with England. I know it is the same thing here. I need to be on my toes and performing at a high level otherwise someone takes your spot.And Hart is not content with game, striving to better himself. ‘I can improve everything, management of the game. But I want to improve on everything and don't just say that lightly. I look at everything I do. You don’t set limits. I want to keep going and keep pushing and keep my place in the two teams I’m with – Manchester City and England. I hope the best is to come. That is what I’ll be pushing to do. Every game is a rescheduled goal for me. It genuinely is. I’ve enjoyed the two games with England but I turn my head to Palace now. That is the next game for me and the one I’m looking forward to.’ Hart labelled Buffon, who won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night, a 'legend of the game' And if he needed any inspiration in that quarter, a look across to his opposite number on Tuesday night at the Juventus Stadium would have provided it. As Hart won that 50th cap for England, Gianluigi Buffon was winning his 147th at the age of 37 and proving as sharp as ever. The England goalkeeper is a fan. It's hard to look past Buffon. He’s absolutely amazing. What a keeper – 147 caps, countless titles, the World Cup, European trophies. What a goalkeeper and what a gentleman. He’s real idol of mine and it’s a real privilege to share a pitch with him. ‘I’ve got a long way to go. But to see people like that at the top level is a real good feeling. I like him. I’ve watched his career and how he is around people. It’s a small amount of time you spend with people when you are in the tunnel with them but he oozes class. 'He is a classy guy and it’s great to have an icon like that. Fraser Forster played against Juventus a few times and said the same thing.’ Only in one area will Hart not be emulating Buffon. With his designer stubble, flowing hair, and his silk waist coat and designer shirt, Buffon looked a little more like a successful artist or film-maker than a footballer as he left the Juventus stadium. ‘He does look cool,’ said Hart, with a degree of self deprecation. I'll never try to be him. With my mousey blonde hair, it wouldn't really work.Golden Summary:Manchester City are currently nine points behind league leaders Chelsea .
Golden Summary:City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday evening .Joe Hart has said his side will not give up on retaining the title .
Cnn:Manchester City are nine points behind Chelsea in the Premier League.<n>Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title.<n>City face Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday night.
Adam:Manchester City are nine points behind Chelsea in the Premier League. Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title. City host Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium on Monday.
Xsum:Manchester City are nine points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea with eight games left to play but goalkeeper Joe Hart insists his side are still capable of winning the title.
